Design an algorithm that collects daily price quotes for some stock and returns the span of that stock's price for the current day.

The span of the stock's price in one day is the maximum number of consecutive days (starting from that day and going backward) for which the stock price was less than or equal to the price of that day.

For example, if the prices of the stock in the last four days is [7,2,1,2] and the price of the stock today is 2, then the span of today is 4 because starting from today, the price of the stock was less than or equal 2 for 4 consecutive days.
Also, if the prices of the stock in the last four days is [7,34,1,2] and the price of the stock today is 8, then the span of today is 3 because starting from today, the price of the stock was less than or equal 8 for 3 consecutive days.
Implement the StockSpanner class:

StockSpanner() Initializes the object of the class.
int next(int price) Returns the span of the stock's price given that today's price is price.
 

Example 1:

Input
["StockSpanner", "next", "next", "next", "next", "next", "next", "next"]
[[], [100], [80], [60], [70], [60], [75], [85]]
Output
[null, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, 4, 6]

Explanation
StockSpanner stockSpanner = new StockSpanner();
stockSpanner.next(100); // return 1
stockSpanner.next(80);  // return 1
stockSpanner.next(60);  // return 1
stockSpanner.next(70);  // return 2
stockSpanner.next(60);  // return 1
stockSpanner.next(75);  // return 4, because the last 4 prices (including today's price of 75) were less than or equal to today's price.
stockSpanner.next(85);  // return 6
 

Constraints:

1 <= price <= 105
At most 104 calls will be made to next.

prev Greater Element  Logic 

When a price is popped, it is permanently irrelevant.
      Why?
      Because:
      A higher price blocks all smaller prices behind it
      Those smaller prices will never be a PGE again

When a new price arrives:
                while (top.price <= current.price) {
                  span += top.span;
                  pop();
                  }
            
            
         What this means in PGE (Previous Greater Element) language:
            
            You’re jumping multiple previous elements at once
            
            Instead of walking day-by-day
            
            You “teleport” over blocks of days
            
            This is why it’s amortized O(1).


            


    class StockSpanner {
     // Each element in stack: [price, span]
    private Deque<int[]> stack;

    public StockSpanner() {
         stack = new ArrayDeque<>();
    }
    
    public int next(int price) {
      int span = 1;

        // Pop all prices <= current price and accumulate spans
        while (!stack.isEmpty() && stack.peek()[0] <= price) {
            span += stack.pop()[1];
        }

        // Push current price with its span
        stack.push(new int[]{price, span});

        return span;
        
    }
  }
